Getting Started
Using the VSCode Workspace
pwn.college{gbHGxaYwxtiYRBzCJ-2CCwz5FX3.dZjM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
Using the GUI Desktop
pwn.college{0Bsr0CR0bd7DODpVYgqP6Hxwgum.ddjM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
Pasting into the Desktop
pwn.college{MIJWV6LwmIDfDQhLSJ2-xprGrOC.dhjM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
Restarting Challenges
pwn.college{M6TpZ8Cs02qKIQOzCLnIuKItr_Y.dVTOwUDL2EzNyYzW}
Getting Help
pwn.college{0-nGD4vn_O02TTWED-qrLxuSwJL.dJjM0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Challenge Programs
pwn.college{U8zk8PxXh5Zi6jlPoyepHOWiKPq.dRzM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
The Flag File
pwn.college{UapRydU4hAiQ964VBG2C-IZWDaO.dljM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
Using Pratice Mode
pwn.college{YbPB90sg40OYrEogaV861b23a85.dBzM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
Persistent Home Directories - One
pwn.college{MgQkk46KJHfD79d54ebtZjNQuSM.dFzM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
Persistent Home Directories - Two
pwn.college{Mwb4QsRbjs-rYa0ts8iih4XmfMD.dJzM3MDL2EzNyYzW}

Linux Luminarium
Intro to Commands
pwn.college{QqBil-DGiNBEokYzFt2h6p8_k6p.ddjNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Intro to Arguments
pwn.college{8qNyOnv18VbQozRTf92nTQX3_uC.dhjNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
The Root
pwn.college{M2L-wI9Bg0LW9Gi6mJ2HDLy4dJY.dhzN5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Program and absolute paths
pwn.college{4vIKxdwVIdS-gZk_PRrjwlPBtMO.dVDN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Position thy self
pwn.college{QkMvGj0p8UOTMFSeWf-hydEx99_.dZDN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Position elsewhere
pwn.college{gHS6xDE9kptXpU1F2178AKX6GSX.ddDN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Position yet elsewhere
pwn.college{QRHt2q_zAw8YkfSr_AI3geMQY_T.dhDN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
implicit relative paths, from /
pwn.college{oC8QKSEtqupAwS-Vnz-4nTRlpW3.dlDN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
explicit relative paths, from /
pwn.college{00HB6VO-ifY2lqnebrSqVUSvr66.dBTN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
implicit relative path
pwn.college{gWA_H9uopkTZXP0i2xCnkrh0yvX.dFTN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
home sweet home
pwn.college{8r8AaZbNetcTNNA7xDaUksmK89B.dNzM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
cat: not the pet, but the command!
pwn.college{kQBn5oUXbV4_ujI_1_XoKWYUqci.dFzN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
catting absolute path
pwn.college{MdLWulx6BT1bsT2p6vjN_Uy-NN7.dlTM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
more catting practice
pwn.college{0VgAuiJOWXzdx5C6bwM-Vwo3E3u.dBjM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
grepping for a needle in a haystack
pwn.college{4JuI5VkUlOrC_-cXnoDZNwuxjIi.ddTM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
listing files
pwn.college{4U5V0G5r32AMOytLirM95nwSkVF.dhjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
touching files
pwn.college{UJudYe_eoTBfFPGKvLhClza63i1.dBzM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
removing files
pwn.college{4FSd4GfSqJ4QDPqGSVXhkfLNgAJ.dZTOwUDL2EzNyYzW}
hidden files
pwn.college{4YbBOBmFIcva1P4UpBTrjbG0U09.dBTN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
An Epic Filesystem Quest
pwn.college{0O6wcctV2Kogj_NATrylx8EfpFS.dljM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
making directories
pwn.college{csT17fHudIJBhtN5EE6Ibn2IcP1.dFzM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
finding files
pwn.college{wfYm52GcIXpN9lx9k0Nb5i24KqA.dJzM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
linking files
pwn.college{snzngg8-Az3h1AXjao4dr5Bt9u0.dlTM1UDL2EzNyYzW}
Learning From Documentation
pwn.college{4spTeDqzDJP6KGpW4JKaGiO95Y8.dRjM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Learning Complex Usage
pwn.college{4Eq4l3hKZQFyvGN4wnHhk5XTn24.dVjM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Reading Manuals
pwn.college{U7rzE-bpXhPZpA8O1Op-yyI-Sjb.dRTM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Searching Manuals
pwn.college{IMOQkxfLHtkin9TFMPp_D4ptXQ7.dVTM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Searching For Manuals
pwn.college{gC_AsqenXqO2xrIGelUQ30mcuuk.dZTM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Helpful Programs
pwn.college{ci8CXammwEKZVnsDQfBssRXt8JY.ddjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Help for Builtins
pwn.college{oTg-sJpWP0GHwgJhQWYYFQ2fI1E.dRTM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Matching with *
pwn.college{gZB1_zV5WOmSGMKCicxaXjsSIUY.dFjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Matching with ?
pwn.college{wU7N1cVheifqOnOy0XGb0cFmY4U.dJjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Matching with []
pwn.college{sI63Pjt2k9RjBOqj1XpsyuNtd8t.dNjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Matching paths with []
pwn.college{U9XXVQ0P-SUSlY1D5Rh_-0lF91x.dRjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Mixing globs
pwn.college{Um8v3bDb-7qq1P7B05tZx1Uj411.dVjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Exclusionary globbing
pwn.college{AXFxLgjHYqKvdu_--yqwg89hxGF.dZjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Redirecting output
pwn.college{o5hxdynCJ6YzLpSK5q54SkRo74R.dRjN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Redirecting more output
pwn.college{I_uDJyUEBup3LLLQHmHxsZqtWC6.dVjN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Appending output
pwn.college{UDgr7vrCXIQ8YzMVpT6Zit-0xHW.ddDM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Redirecting errors
pwn.college{siGhu0YiCqZc1XrN2ubf5LPEJe6.ddjN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Redirecting input
pwn.college{oBM43HYJVN14lKYzPbBbp29ygsC.dBzN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Grepping stored results
pwn.college{AiNt_eXVk3XRg-4VHV4SVR-7bcN.dhTM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Grepping live output
pwn.college{kcmImjZYthOls5RDnjHvEr1b32E.dlTM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Grepping errors
pwn.college{ozkzTKPn8Ca6u7AOT-lLvrlKe4D.dVDM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Duplicating piped data with tee
pwn.college{0E7XxNoidUyXAWkU-N-sTYKPkRw.dFjM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Writing to multiple programs
pwn.college{43RIf7nvnbhocGzmDDFR4P9pfEb.dBDO0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Printing Variables
pwn.college{guRf8vkMyXByFkkbcvg8RlO8v_y.ddTN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Setting Variables
pwn.college{oFodiO1hlDxhWf8yxieCPeXvOxW.dlTN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Multi-word Variables
pwn.college{czgCtwEFk8Pm5MP4IlcGJk-dYF9.dBjN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Exporting Variables
pwn.college{MQM4KSPDLbUgaCZN6HRpNAOVj3V.dJjN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Printing Exported Variables
pwn.college{MfN-CdrAGFPqCvCuGdWvTQGkCMz.dhTN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Storing Command Output
pwn.college{MsCk-ctn_vMiB4Sv4QUvLxJ8iyN.dVzN0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Reading Input
pwn.college{oNnf64zbtr-O7fUyYf8rNqWXtM3.dhzN1QDL2EzNyYzW}
Reading Files
pwn.college{YuVLPRbHrAVH-IEQnCDdK5Skt_n.dBjM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Listing Processes
pwn.college{4bC0U3kf8RqtoZW_MnX785YJljy.dhzM4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Killing Processes
pwn.college{MUfBuoG5htWKqS5X1eQptlk74pU.dJDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Interruping Processes
pwn.college{0scRTCTAagwjr96IdBwJpvHIfHD.dNDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Suspending Processes
pwn.college{YJPlI_s2h7sWGjKUo0CdROv-H4F.dVDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Resuming Processes
pwn.college{g5DIgNDi-L6WtRv_u_3B8nb070j.dZDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Backgrounding Processes
pwn.college{cFuLPOdn4NA3z0DPGWhGq13_5Vu.ddDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Foregrounding Processses
pwn.college{8AV4C7kncEwyfHv2clRVzSYJV0S.dhDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Starting Backgrounded Processes
pwn.college{kCEhZ6MhdcvUwLNsUarp8FDRxkM.dlDN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Changing File Ownership
pwn.college{AArulIWimrydH-9Ludgl7Ncl8tR.dFTM2QDL2EzNyYzW}
Groups and Files
pwn.college{kfgqoINC9ylkdYEDYo2siU8hHrs.dFzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Fun With Groups Names
pwn.college{UY-8BlKMxd8EVT1HXZSS8GXWIes.dJzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Changing Permissions
pwn.college{cB6a3yO5Fxzxf8igC9ZvMvvIbl6.dNzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Executables Files
pwn.college{AymgWxoTRrhnseEtYl1hSsKFOFf.dJTM2QDL2EzNyYzW}
Permission Tweaking Pratice
pwn.college{wzdiwAaNOT1snlAy-zq0B3tUpgr.dBTM2QDL2EzNyYzW}
Permission Setting Pratice
pwn.college{Y-I42eL22Gh-4_23IyD7tVQNfM8.dNTM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
The SUID Bit
pwn.college{MIajjhWt3rInZBOyoi5uvQRv9Jm.dNTM2QDL2EzNyYzW}
Becoming root with su
pwn.college{0L_fAkYwnFhFpi8ZbxSYJTKCtNS.dVTN0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Other users with su
pwn.college{AMT-Axgnt5lCrLByqR6-XEJCjPG.dZTN0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Cracking passwords
pwn.college{oxjyDPut4OGsSoB2vCtnAOExj_v.ddTN0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Using sudo
pwn.college{8CUNdKKiurUMkKSn2xRr6b1zlHo.dhTN0UDL2EzNyYzW}
Chaining with Semicolons
pwn.college{Yy0AzB5F92Y8OMU6bj8Ycp5BcyJ.dVTN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Your First Shell Script
pwn.college{4SvAUQsKaXJByURnzdoK1hioo9w.dFzN4QDL2EzNyYzW}
Redirecting Script Output
pwn.college{oW6X7SmvrJwQdjl6P93ZmzsrKwS.dhTM5QDL2EzNyYzW}
Executable Shell Scripts
pwn.college{k8IU7iDYJR7S5aC1faMXdlgsgXT.dRzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
The PATH Variable
pwn.college{UP5mDijcQ8cSsLAQuDKtq1epMtc.dZzNwUDL2EzNyYzW}
Setting PATH
pwn.college{MABey37hjmR7REsOOgEqEGjtEnu.dVzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Adding Commands
pwn.college{cWxoco_RC4SRFXdL0kUF1bQFeCF.dZzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Hijacking Commands
pwn.college{0S7LH-MG1F02Y06pGIVvywDNMlY.ddzNyUDL2EzNyYzW}
Process Exit Codes
pwn.college{skBNclrLYVHg9KmD8IlLhIjTzQX.dljN4UDL2EzNyYzW}
Split-piping stderr and stdout
pwn.college{c1Cu0ZRcjBJt1cesfis0ddjldTS.dFDNwYDL2EzNyYzW}

Optional Refresher
Program Misuse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPwDiXxZpZ4
Level1
pwn.college{cftCjPtA4359oKnEprkYjOZg2Ma.01M0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level2
pwn.college{YjrqaSHQqRHc4YKqb-rkbjyoa9z.0FN0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level3
pwn.college{8O2yGplw8ah9OWk8HLqhzTJ8A4F.0VN0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level4
pwn.college{QsbsM8osIAh8X7mVBFbfmBQr1iH.0lN0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level5
pwn.college{UdfWVNsyc81Yv8xnku2ABZjdkJb.01N0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level6
pwn.college{o5NxlNvaCMZ9GBzwVi5dah6gwJ-.0FO0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level7
pwn.college{IgKPeQWXqmlDwVdbM0PkMWWXPmW.0VO0EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level8
pwn.college{8cgfR3SSdjGLrqBOEIYwowFq5xC.0FM1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level9
pwn.college{klz9rKzVKC7xBZB79LTCZ1zm6_k.0VM1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level10
pwn.college{MLe6h2407frYElQW86qX79jueRB.0lM1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level11
pwn.college{4dp_7PSfPzOxy8i-tDpNo0uEt6f.01M1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level12
pwn.college{kLVQ7atZodI1onIy5tsgx2nHWKf.0FN1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level13
pwn.college{csRQPogGeXP0d1W-R82H-BBYvno.0VN1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level14
pwn.college{o1JO9uH2zh6Fs1qWhDb-YbGRHHO.0lN1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level15
pwn.college{09hztX8AgXsSkyz57QIrbc-gT_Q.01N1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level16
pwn.college{AlC1JUzdUMGkg7XAXfGSFsOwF82.0FO1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level17
pwn.college{UeiYGz4CfW7SuaXGd7PVS-AfoyL.0VO1EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level18
pwn.college{oGBR5g1x_wrdHh1oHxMOYvcf-3c.0FM2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level19
pwn.college{YCsPfW4gkhRWdc_zL8vkmoB7whm.0VM2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level20
pwn.college{gdjveqjDWs2b1qCCgc8BfIC-WBf.0lM2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level21
pwn.college{kGvohcJeLKDNNKzReAN7EarnsIS.01M2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level22
pwn.college{svmldVWZHnC4lnaxbhJbv5H0Nyv.0FN2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level23 *
pwn.college{MWKqX7mUxF4KRRcTVZWAO-xYkrI.0VN2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level24
pwn.college{ARqbcU-XtRbcM3IHbZHE5fooz9S.0lN2EDL2EzNyYzW}
Level25 *
pwn.college{08gHEyZQ1XGTPQvXO6449bvILFU.01N2EDL2EzNyYzW}

Assembly Crash Course:
https://www.cs.virginia.edu/~evans/cs216/guides/x86.html
https://github.com/w3th4nds/pwn-college/tree/main/Dojos
https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse378/10au/sections/Section1_recap.pdf
level1
pwn.college{4Sm3zdaNSEkRLshaQdz8kfrnPDm.0FN5EDL2EzNyYzW}
level2
pwn.college{YTxMYG-x2-DFJjyDYN6W6N7g91X.dBTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level3
pwn.college{gbk95lANzW4KtjSUPZo40tz3PyX.0VN5EDL2EzNyYzW}
level4
pwn.college{At0zXJjewboGYFsYQ-9AOPFo5iH.0lN5EDL2EzNyYzW}
level5
pwn.college{QWXsVm6A2c9lvPZGCQEOSsOEr-_.01N5EDL2EzNyYzW}
level6
pwn.college{EkBJk7oQjOW-8bQwh9HMZqfPStP.0FO5EDL2EzNyYzW}
level7
pwn.college{QF6Y5dGClaHddP7ZlKan9y7iGDy.dFTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level8
pwn.college{sFqufQy7LB9TF8_ngD7-rmrsW9e.0VO5EDL2EzNyYzW}
level9
pwn.college{0hjqgPjurmdl22VyYAE9jMM6uYV.0FMwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level10
pwn.college{4pHkYthdLZ5LZMPy5bol2fod3Wi.0VMwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level11
pwn.college{UWrg5CSQcR3l1qTsMzElN-xiE2N.0lMwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level12
pwn.college{cV8O0oeBbpTn_i8sWoLgHiQ7rC1.dJTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level13
pwn.college{8_gui1Em5KxUhJndMZpu2q0OQus.dNTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level14
pwn.college{obKy4UmYIZqREJraoRotyP9rV4Y.01MwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level15
pwn.college{Q9LU5PX3-H45gfg6BXlt4p80dV_.dRTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level16
pwn.college{UiY2j5zqKcALWwXOi1Fa0VBBg-V.0FNwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level17
pwn.college{oj7IosTUcLd0DYG0drSkDUyytoD.0VNwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level18
pwn.college{U-mQMDp43iMRff7LMMQMmFyQc72.0lNwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level19
pwn.college{oFTRSmMZWadoEpCq9Ga8lUTPfjg.01NwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level20
pwn.college{gZhpEx5E5LFSe_pw3qvtggYV5gq.0FOwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level21
pwn.college{UjDK5kdJ7dGrnGgolQHY8_B_MZV.0VOwIDL2EzNyYzW}
level22
pwn.college{EslpMe6biNqKPdNbxoZhDwToCu-.dVTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level23
pwn.college{wI5AQWLzGDrbHoJH8fQZ7u_G6tE.dZTM4MDL2EzNyYzW}
level24
pwn.college{04mVrJnPLVT0VG6SfwQufohxG5m.0FMxIDL2EzNyYzW}
level25
pwn.college{kmcUCjaXgt_QapNwXZ-5lWqB6ow.0VMxIDL2EzNyYzW}
level26
pwn.college{s-jytcpfYj6t1ZBD9IzsyxOurdD.0lMxIDL2EzNyYzW}
level27
pwn.college{QoIh6PJIpf21nMvS9k8yDOfDLT0.01MxIDL2EzNyYzW}
level28
pwn.college{c_SyPmvlqRyoGkUoUe19BdUB6-P.0FNxIDL2EzNyYzW}
level29*
pwn.college{wTzGKZNINzw3h4igQtg0os8esTK.0VNxIDL2EzNyYzW}
level30
pwn.college{IRbsg0286dUDy6MHb0thyrbqK2u.0lNxIDL2EzNyYzW}

Debugging Refresher
level1
pwn.college{4ajN95doe0dZBqZTjg2jMUolh_p.0FN0IDL2EzNyYzW}
level2
pwn.college{QFOYLcvHk_W9yGtKNmuWKtgfe4q.0VN0IDL2EzNyYzW}
level3
pwn.college{8G7rxO0hF67mys_5BVxcO3Apw6C.0lN0IDL2EzNyYzW}
level4
pwn.college{g5G1_1DjfrMtTEG-kTnE6lJL_wE.01N0IDL2EzNyYzW}
level5
pwn.college{g1M7FffjR6Kbl0w0VHt7eTePMiy.0FO0IDL2EzNyYzW}

Dynamic Allocator Misuse
level1.0
pwn.college{YJiFWw9YsJ8wdootnkrHbh66vAH.0VM3MDL2EzNyYzW}
